If I had to do school all over again, of course I would try harder. The
goal when you're at college is to get a 4.0 in as many classes as
you can, and even though it doesn't really matter as long as you get
the information then that's the only thing that matters, when you try
to go on to get a masters or a PHD, they really do look at your at
your grades. They also look at your intelligence, how well you know
it, if you're an expert or not. So I did waste a lot of time, I did
play lots of video games, I did watch lots of Netflix, and maybe college
isn't the right place to do that. You have the whole rest of
your life to really enjoy things to the maximum, but college is the
place to study, so of course I should relax a little bit, but I wish
I would have really studied a little bit harder. So that's something
that I would have changed.